Welcome, Akam, Dr. Chaps. We're here at the return in Washington, D.C., a National Day of Prayer and Repentance. Our returning guest and friend of the program, Lance Wohl, now,
Al, did you finish speaking? Are you about to speak? What's going on? Oh, no, no. I'm just here as one of the people praying. I deliberately came in as a...
Just wanted to march with Franklin Grams and then be over here and support the event and both pray like everybody else. What is the significance of this movement or the march with Franklin?
with Franklin Graham today.
Tens or maybe hundreds of thousands of Christians on the Washington Mall on the same day that President Trump is appointing a new Supreme Court justice.
Well to me the real significance is it's like what 40 days up for the election we're heading into yom kippur i think
So you've got the high holy day of uh in israel when god decides the fate and destiny of nations and people
And the real thing is
We're in a decisive moment. Let's just say heaven is in a decision moment.
and the ah weight that can transfer whether or not america goes this way or that way.
Well before the election is going to be the intercession and the
Faithfulness of God's people.
The remnant of God
Is the tipping point and if there's a sufficient cries you can hear now in the background.
If it's a sufficient call
i believe it's it could literally tip the ah the vials of heaven over in a direction that could be ah make a massive difference and i'm looking for that that's why i came up here.
So,
This is fascinating. We think about the election as something where humans choose their leaders.
But...
In...
With God's perspective, you're saying that God makes a choice too, that God and his angels are in some spiritual way is weighing our hearts today to see if we're worthy.
worthy of his blessing and that could tip the election. Absolutely. I mean, in a situation like this, is this like a...
uh where putin runs for election for instance and if you already know what's going to happen.
uh or where they uh where your opposition is not even going to survive.
This is a case where God says, "Choose ye this day whom you will serve." There is a sense in which the courts of heaven
Are looking to see what the decisiveness is of the people.
And then the people make choices, and then you live with the consequences of those choices.
I've been concerned that the church has been asleep at the switch on this whole thing. I mean, early on, my personal, um,
And the opinion is, God sent Donald Trump as a, as a,
uh as a cyrus a modern day cyrus that would actually be for the sake of god's people i'm not so sure that the church has stood as strongly with him as he's stood with us.
and i consider that to be one of the issues that i'm repenting of.
Whether other people repent of it or not.
That's fascinating. The last time I saw you in Washington, D.C., was...
Also,
Here on the Washington Mall when Donald Trump was inaugurated.
He had just won the election of 2016. we were here in january of 2017. that was when your limousine was burned up correct um not too far from here but months before that before that
But before the election, you wrote a book predicting that Donald Trump would win the election. Right.
I wrote a book saying he would be Trump, he would be Cyrus.
uh that he would uh that america was going to go through an economic crisis.
and that the media was going to experience trump derangement. i coined the term before it became common. and ah.
and i just put i'm putting a book out now it's it's even later than the last one.
But it's got it's God's chaos code dot com and it talks about what's happening now.
The fact that Israel, when they had Cyrus, they had to repent.
of not building the house God wanted.
And then they had an economic judgment which came with a plague.
And then they repented with Haggai, the prophet preaching to them.
and they got together and began to build a house for the nation. it was the temple.
The Church in America has to be building a move of God for the nation, not just for a local assembly.
Then Nehemiah.
and Ezra.
That's the teaching and the restoration of the walls and gates.
We may not see the civic restoration unless we really hit a tipping point right now with the first phase, which is let's build the house. By the way, there's a word awakening.
shows up right in those prophets Haggai and Zechariah
There was an angel that awakened them.
And I think an awakening angel is what we got to pray for.
And the website for the new book is...
Godscayoscode.com
God's chaos code
dot com. Can you give our readers any, what is God saying to you about what might happen?
As we are standing right now, the America is in such a place of chaos.
that if Donald Trump was to win the electoral college,
> we had a ballot to count on Election Day. There would be an immediate cascade of media coming out saying we have ballots to count, ballots to count. Then we would have ballot questions going on.
Which would be a flood of ballots coming in.
It would be certified by the states. It would go to court. Trump would talk about how it's crooked.
And this is all why we have to pray because the human psyche can only bear so much of the stress.
> i think it's a good thing that we're going back even to the potential Supreme Court decision. How interesting that on Russia's shauna, the beginning of The Jewish New Year, we have the passing of a
of Ruth Ginsburg.
And now today on this day as we're in the eve of Yom Kippur, we have a decision made about a judge that's going to go in.
And that could very well, I think, play out to be decisive in how the courts end up having to deal with millions of questionable ballots and
And the resolution of that issue by January 20th.
i think we're going to have a continued intercession until god gets what he wants from his people right up to the moment when this thing gets sorted out and it may not be november third.
We may not have a decision on Election Day, but now God is deciding if America
has repented, if we have returned as this prayer and repentance movement is happening, and maybe if
My people who are called by name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from the wicked ways.
then God will hear from heaven and forgive our sin and heal our land. Lance, Lance, thank you for coming on the program. - Thank you. - Always good to see you. - All right.
Godscousecode.com
Learn more at Lance's website about his predictions for this election. Our website is PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
.org
Please donate when you visit.
Or if you need perch today pick up the phone and call us at 866-Obey God.
We'll see you next time.
Doctors Chaps need your financial support to stay on the air. Would you please send your best financial donation today? Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online, or you can mail a check to PrayInJesus.org.
To pray in Jesus' name ministries, post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado, 80970. You can also call us toll free right now, 866-OPAIC-ON.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Thank you.